Roadmap

----------
V 0.1
Achievements
Testing
Upgrade items
Testing
Missing items
Testing
Rework statistics
Testing
Mega game 1 : trophies or cards
Testing
Add 2-3 minigames
Testing
Finish mini game screen
Testing
Styles
Testing
Mobile version
Testing
V 0.1
----------
V 0.2
Potions
Testing
Crafting
Testing
Ads
Testing
V 0.2
----------
V 0.3
Meta game 2 : build your city
Testing
V 0.3
----------





Modules (@reword)
----------------
Exploration: fight an enemy or a random encounter (mandatory)
Challenge: fight a boss
Mission: fight a group of the same enemy and get coins
Dungeon : fight a group of different enemies and get loots
Items: inventory / sell / buy (mandatory)
Save / Load / Reset
Debug - Level / Money
Rest: pay to be full life (remove potions ?)

@todo
Area: manage your current area (mandatory)


@later
Stats : Manage your stats
	You have 2 groups of stat, main and secondary, you can choose where to spend points (like 2 in main, 2 in secondary)
	Stats that are unique (like HP) are upgraded automatically

Inventory : display inventory, you can remove your equipped items

Gather : Fishing/Mining/Hunting
	You can gather X items from low to high levels
	You can sell them
	Add a gather level for more efficiency
	Critical Success Failure, gather more if lower level
	Add gatherers ?

Craft : buy crafting items / make recipes /
	You can use only 1 crafted item at the same time, it improves one stat only, and last for a few fights
	Three ingredients, one is the same for every recipe, one for the stat upgraded and one for the level
	You only gather the "level" ingredient, the rest is bought or looted ?
	Add a craft level for more efficiency, Critical Success Failure
	You may sell them as well to make a little profit

Upgrading : you can upgrade items
   Display the list of items
   For each item, make an upgrading cost depending on its value
   You have 50% chance of upgrading one level then 25 then 12 then...
   You can also go lower but you have 50% of gowing lower then 25 then 12...
   Save just a stat containg the upgrading level (base 0) on each items

Spells : handle your spells, you can choose where to spend points, level 5 max for each spell
	Make 5 generic spells, use them in battle, add them for enemies
	at the start of a battle, before the physical part is the spell part
	spell idea : summon, heal, hurt, hitMore, dmgMore, stun ....
	easier idea : damage/heal/damage but less (every turn)/heal but less (every turn)
	Add intelligence / willpower / mana ?

Arena : fight a random generated dude and get ... experience ?


Achievements : you can get rewards if you killed enemy X Y times...
Training
Explore ? : Maybe it shoule be included in the main module
Housing

Stats (@reword)
---------------
// Weapon : Damage - Offense ?
// Body Armor : Defense

// Gloves: Precision
// Trinket: Evasion

// Ring: Critical Hit
// Cloak : Damage resistancetion

// Shield: Block
// Penetration

// Soulstone: Health Regen
// Belt: Health

Bonuses / No direct linked stat :
// Necklace: Magic Find
// Charm: Bonus Experience
// Amulet: Elemental Damage



// Boots: Endurance / Movement Speed
// Pants: Stamina
// Potion/Consumable: Healing (removed)

Add pets ?

Add mini games that give bonus on each fighting screen


Spells :

For spells

Generate generic spells

for each stat
for buff/debuff
for one turn/mutiple turn

each for multiplies the number of possible spells


do not limit the upper level of spell but do diminishing returns

on an area, enemies have 2/3 spells ?

the first enemies of the area have 1 spell, then they have 2, then 3

on game config you can choose to activate some spells, these will be the player spells as well

on game config you can give each spell an icon and a name


Certainly! Based on the information you provided about the game and the specific areas, let's rework the spells for each area:

Shimmering Meadows:

Swift Strikes: Enemies in the meadows have increased attack speed, allowing them to strike more frequently. (Debuffs player's evasion and grants enemy bonus precision)
Whispering Forest:

Poisonous Attacks: Enemies in the forest may inflict poison on their attacks, dealing damage over time to adventurers. (Damage over time spell that inflicts poison on the player)

Whispering Veil: Enemies in the forest can hide in the shadows, making them harder to hit. (Buff enemy evasion)

Crystal Caverns:

Crystal Armor: Enemies in the caverns have a chance to gain a temporary boost to their defense when hit. (Buff enemy defense)

Crystalline Barrier: Enemies in the caverns can create a barrier that reduces incoming damage. (Buff enemy damage reduction)

Crimson Citadel:

Bloodthirst: Enemies in the citadel can gain health steal, recovering HP with each successful attack. (Debuff player's HP and grants enemy lifesteal)

Crimson Rage: Enemies in the citadel become more aggressive, dealing increased damage. (Buff enemy offense)

Stormy Peaks:

Stormcaller: Enemies in the peaks can summon lightning strikes to hit adventurers from afar. (Damages player with lightning strikes from time to time)

Storm's Shield: Enemies in the peaks can summon a shield that reduces incoming damage. (Buff enemy damage reduction)

Lost Catacombs:

Necrotic Touch: Enemies in the catacombs have a chance to weaken adventurers' attacks with a curse. (Debuff player's offense)

Cursed Ground: Enemies in the catacombs create an area of cursed ground that slows down player movement. (Damages player and debuffs player's speed)

Celestial Observatory:

Starfall: Enemies in the observatory can call upon celestial power to unleash devastating area-of-effect attacks. (Damages player and other allies in the area)

Astral Blessing: Enemies in the observatory can receive healing from celestial energy. (Buff enemy healing received)

Frozen Tundra:

Frostbite: Enemies in the tundra can slow down adventurers' movement speed with icy attacks. (Damages player and debuffs player's speed)

Frozen Veins: Enemies in the tundra can freeze adventurers' veins, reducing their precision. (Debuff player's precision)

Volcanic Depths:

Molten Strikes: Enemies in the depths can deal additional fire damage with their attacks. (Damages player with fire attacks)

Volcanic Surge: Enemies in the depths unleash a surge of volcanic energy, increasing their offense. (Buff enemy offense)

Cursed Catacombs:

Soul Drain: Enemies in the catacombs can drain the life force of adventurers, reducing their HP. (Damages player and debuffs player's HP)

Dark Enigma: Enemies in the catacombs become shrouded in darkness, making them harder to hit. (Buff enemy evasion)

